Add docs for leveraging outputStandalone config (#32255)
vercel/next.js: docs/advanced-features/output-file-tracing.md

To leverage the `.nft.json` files emitted to the `.next` output directory, you can read the list of files in each trace which are relative to the `.nft.json` file and then copy them to your deployment location.

## Automatically Copying Traced Files (experimental)

Next.js can automatically create a `standalone` folder which copies only the necessary files for a production deployment including select files in `node_modules`.

To leverage this automatic copying you can enable it in your `next.config.js`:

```js
module.exports = {
  experimental: {

>     outputStandalone: true,

Reviewer: What happens when `outputStandalone: true` but `outputFileTrace: false`?

Author: I added a config check to disable the standalone build and warn if `outputFileTracing` is disabled.

  },
}
```

This will create a folder at `.next/standalone` which can then be deployed on it's own without installing `node_modules`.

> To make leveraging this output easier a minimal `server.js` file is also output which can be used instead of `next start`. This minimal serer does not handle serving the `static` directory as this should be handled by a CDN instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, a minimal `server.js` file is also output which can be used instead of `next start`. This minimal server does not handle serving the `static` directory as this should be handled by a CDN instead.
```

## Caveats

> - While tracing in monorepo setups, the project directory is used for tracing by default. For `next build packages/web-app`, `packages/web-app` would be the tracing root and any files outside of that folder will not be included. To include files outside of this folder you can set `experimental.outputFileTracingRoot` in your `next.config.js`.

Reviewer: Can you share an example of the `outputFileTracingRoot` value in this case? Would it be something like `outputFileTracingRoot: '../`?

Author: Added an example/normalizing to ensure relative paths are handled but warning that it should be absolute.
